Data Cleaning Process:
Notepad++: A replace all of ',' to '^' was done so that the data could be viewed in Excel. 
'^' was tested as an un-used char first.

Excel (data quality analysis):
Books with pagecount values of zero were noted and removed
Invalid ISBN 10 values were noted, thus ISBN 13 was chosen.
When sorting nummerically on ISBN13, a single invalid entry was found and removed.
No duplicates were found on ISBN13.
Book titles and author names appear to have random kanji inserted. 
All columns were sorted ascending and descending to check for missing entries.
A single invalid cover entry was found and removed.
A few books containing dates for their publisher or no publisher were found and removed.
A few books containing no author were removed
A few publishers were found that had quotes in their names, and had said quotes removed.
A few books were comparied to their counterparts in the original database to ensure that no tuple got corrupted from excel.

Python (non-printable tuple removal): 
The attached script was ran to remove tuples which conntained non-printable characters.

Notepad++: A replace all was done to revert the original replace all. &amp; was replaced with &.

Python: 
After normalizing the dataset, the attached python scripts were used to generate csv files for each table. 
Each script also performs some additional normalization, such as ignoring case sensitivity for author names.

Data Mapping (Books):
ISBN13 - varchar(13)
Title - varchar(255)
Author - varchar(255)
Cover - varchar(255)
Publisher - varchar(255)
Pages - int

Data Mapping (Borrowers):
borrower_id - int
ssn - varchar(11)
first_name, last_name, email, address, city - varchar (255)
state - varchar(2)
phone - varchar(14)

Data Mapping (Library System): 
Card_id - borrower_id
Date_out, Due_date, Date_in - datetime
Loan_id - int
Fine_amt - Decimal
Paid - BOOL
Availability - BOOL
Num_Loans - Int

Restrictions:

If an overdue book is checked in, a FINES record should be created (see Requirement #5)

Done: BORROWER Name, Ssn, and Address attribute values are required to create a new
account (i.e. values must be NOT NULL).

Done: Borrowers are allowed to possess exactly one library card. If a new borrower is attempted
with a duplicate Ssn, then your system should reject the new BORROWER and return an
appropriate error message.

TODO: Fines may not be assessed (i.e. create a record in the FINES table) until a book is
returned.

TODO: Fines shall be assessed at a rate of $0.25/day (twenty-five cents per day).

Disabled --secure-file-priv
